Docs: Integrate Webhooks with Discord (#1646)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/integrate/webhooks/discord.md

---
title: Discord
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
---

> For message formatting instructions, see [this dedicated page](/docs/integrate/webhooks/message-formatting).
## 1. Create an incoming webhook in Discord 

1. Navigate to the channel where you want to add the webhook and select 'Edit Channel' option from left navigation pane. 
1. Select 'Integerations' option from the left navigation pane. 

> 1. If Creating Webhook for first time, click "Create Webhook" button. 

Reviewer: Should "Creating Webhook" be capitalized?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If creating a webhook for first time, click "Create Webhook" button. 
```

> 1. If You have other webhooks, click "View Webhooks" and now click "New Webhook". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you have other webhooks, click "View Webhooks" and now click "New Webhook". 
```

> 1. Give any name you prefer(say PostHog). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Give any name you prefer (say PostHog). 
```

> 1. Your preferred channel would be appearing in 'Channel' option, If not select you preferred channel from drop-down menu.

Reviewer: > Your preferred channel would be appearing in 'Channel' option

This doens't read particularly well or I'm missing some context. Could it be re-written to be clearer?

> , If not select you preferred channel from drop-down menu.

The `If` should not be capitalized here. `you` should be `your`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select the channel where the message should be posted from the drop-down.
```

> 1. Click "Copy Webhook URL" button to copy webhook into clipboard.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the "Copy Webhook URL" button to copy the webhook URL into the clipboard.  
```

> It would look something like this. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It would look something like this. 

For more information see the [Discord webhook docs](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/228383668-Intro-to-Webhooks).
```

![Discord Webhook Setup](../../../images/discord-webhook.png)

## 2. Setup Webhook in PostHog

1. Copy the Webhook URL into the PostHog Setup page:

    ![PostHog Add Webhook](../../../images/discord-add-webhook.png)

> 1. Click "Test & Save" and you should receive a message on discord. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click "Test & Save" and you should receive a message on Discord. 
```

> 1. Click "Test & Save" and you should receive message on discord. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click "Test & Save" and you should receive a message on discord. 
```
